<!-- Copyright 2008-2010 StatusNet Inc. and contributors. -->
<!-- Document licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported. See -->
<!-- http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ for details. -->

%%site.name%% supports
[tags](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tag_(metadata)) to help you
organize your activities here. You can use tags for people and for
notices.

Tagging a notice
----------------

You can tag a notice using a *hashtag*; a # character followed by
letters and numbers as well as '.', '-', and '_'. Note that accented
latin characters are not supported, and non-roman scripts are right out.

The HTML for the notice will link to a stream of all the other notices
with that tag. This can be a great way to keep track of a conversation.

The most popular current tags on the site can be found in the [public
tag cloud](%%action.publictagcloud%%). Their size shows their
popularity and recency.

Tagging yourself
----------------

You can also add tags for yourself on your [profile
settings](%%action.profilesettings%%) page. Use single words to
describe yourself, your experiences and your interest. The tags will
become links on your profile page to a list of all the users on the
site who use that same tag. It can be a nice way to find people who
are related to you geographically or who have a common interest.

Tagging your subscriptions
--------------------------

You can also tag your subscriptions, on the subscriptions page. This
makes it easy to organize your subscriptions into groups and sort
through them separately.

You can also send a notice "to the attention of" everyone you've
marked with a particular tag (note: *not* people who've marked
themselves with that tag). "@#family hello" will send a notice to
everyone you've marked with the tag 'family'.